doc/source/index.rst, before:

Australian Regional Copernicus Hub - Contributed Code
=====================================================

Introduction
------------
The code described here is contributed by the community of users of the Australian
Regional Copernicus Data Hub. The Hub is a server for serving out satellite
imagery from the Sentinel satellites of the European Copernicus program, for
the Australasian and South-East Asian region. The hub itself is homed at
`<http://www.copernicus.gov.au>`_. 

The contributed code here has come from members of the hub consortium, and other 
interested parties. 

Downloads
---------
The code is available as a tarball from 
`GitHub <https://github.com/CopernicusAustralasia/auscophub/releases>`_. The source code 
repository is also hosted there. 

Release notes for each version are available at :doc:`releasenotes`. 

To install and run, follow the instructions in the given INSTALL.txt and USAGE.txt files. 

It requires `Python <https://www.python.org/>`_, `numpy <http://www.numpy.org/>`_, and 
`GDAL <http://www.gdal.org/>`_ with Python bindings. The generated client-side download scripts
assume the existence of the `curl <https://curl.haxx.se/>`_ command, 
which is generally bundled with Linux. 

Client-side Code
----------------

A number of code components have been contributed for client access to the server. 
See :doc:`clientside`

Hub Management
--------------

A number of code components have been contributed for management of the server itself.
See :doc:`hubmgmnt`. 

Imagery Metadata Classes
------------------------

A number of Python classes have been written to access ESA's metadata, as supplied by
a range of XML files. They are arranged in modules for each Sentinel number. 

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1

    auscophub_sen1meta
    auscophub_sen2meta
    auscophub_sen3meta
    auscophub_sen5meta


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`

Commit message:

Added a note about poor Windows support

doc/source/index.rst, after:

Australian Regional Copernicus Hub - Contributed Code
=====================================================

Introduction
------------
The code described here is contributed by the community of users of the Australian
Regional Copernicus Data Hub. The Hub is a server for serving out satellite
imagery from the Sentinel satellites of the European Copernicus program, for
the Australasian and South-East Asian region. The hub itself is homed at
`<http://www.copernicus.gov.au>`_. 

The contributed code here has come from members of the hub consortium, and other 
interested parties. 

The code is generally intended to support Linux. Some of it will also work
on Windows and other systems, but not all. If there is interest in supporting
anything other than Linux, please raise an Issue on the Github site. 

Downloads
---------
The code is available as a tarball from 
`GitHub <https://github.com/CopernicusAustralasia/auscophub/releases>`_. The source code 
repository is also hosted there. 

Release notes for each version are available at :doc:`releasenotes`. 

To install and run, follow the instructions in the given INSTALL.txt and USAGE.txt files. 

It requires `Python <https://www.python.org/>`_, `numpy <http://www.numpy.org/>`_, and 
`GDAL <http://www.gdal.org/>`_ with Python bindings. The generated client-side download scripts
assume the existence of the `curl <https://curl.haxx.se/>`_ command, 
which is generally bundled with Linux. 

Client-side Code
----------------

A number of code components have been contributed for client access to the server. 
See :doc:`clientside`

Hub Management
--------------

A number of code components have been contributed for management of the server itself.
See :doc:`hubmgmnt`. 

Imagery Metadata Classes
------------------------

A number of Python classes have been written to access ESA's metadata, as supplied by
a range of XML files. They are arranged in modules for each Sentinel number. 

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1

    auscophub_sen1meta
    auscophub_sen2meta
    auscophub_sen3meta
    auscophub_sen5meta


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
